From hanselminutes.com. It's Hansel
minutes. Oh, weekly discussion with
web developer and technologists. Scott
Hanselman. This is Lawrence Ryan announcing
show number three 32 recorded
live Thursday, August 9th, 2012. Support for
Hanselman. This is provided by
Tellerik offering the best in
developer tools and support online@telerikdotcomandbyfranklins.net
training developers to work smarter
and now offering gesture pack
a powerful gesture, recording and
recognition system for Microsoft connect
for windows developers details, app
gesture, PA k.com. In this
episode, Rob Connor returns the
tables and interviews. Scott. Hi,
this is Rob Connery, and
this is another episode of
Hansel minutes. I'm sitting in
for Scott today. My guest
today is Scott Hanselman. Scott
Hanselman, as you might know,
has the blog of hanselman.com
where everything is all about
Hanselman. So Scott, I want
to jump right in. I
know your, your show is
all about keeping on a
straight tight rail. And I
want to start and just
talk about you, cause we
don't really talk about you.
You talk about you on
the show, but no one
else talks necessarily about you.
I know that Moe interviewed
you once, but I think
it's time for someone to
interview you who might possibly
not be your spouse and
might actually ask you some
difficult questions. Let's start with
you. I'm reading here on
the about me page of
your blog. And it says,
you know, my name is
Scott Hanselman, web technologist, and
teacher. I work out at
my home office on the
web platform team at Microsoft.
What does that mean? What
do you do? I work
out at my home office
with web platform team at
Microsoft doing what? So, okay.
So I work for Scott,
Hunter, Scott Hunter, who manages all
of asp.net and he's our
program manager lead. So he
manages all the guys that
work on asp.net. So the
people that work for you,
you know, Scott, Hunter, I
do. Okay. So my peers
and the people who work
for Scott Hunter are Damien Edwards,
who does web forms, Daniel Roth,
who does web API, Eric Porter,
who does web pages and
MVC myself. Let me see
what else works for Scott.
And Scott's getting more and
more people working for him
now. So I need to
remember everyone because I know
we've moved a couple more
people under him, Howard. Yeah,
Howard Durking now works for
us. And Howard works on
new kid, Rowan Miller from
entity framework, Robbie solder, who
just moved over from.net framework.
Anton does PHP and myself,
and I think myself as
The PM of getting everything
to work together. So if
Damien is the PM of
web forms, right, his focus
is web forms and he
makes web forms. Awesome. And
I feel like my job
is like the PM of
one asp.net, trying to get
all the parts together, try
to make sure that the
scenarios run end to end.
I'm the guy that wants
to make sure that from
file new project up until
the moment you deploy, whether
you're deploying to Azure, because
we're now in the Azure
group or whether you're deploying
to something via, you know,
I don't know, FTP, that
that was a smooth experience.
So I'm looking at the
entire life cycle. I talked
to the entity framework guys,
if something breaks in migrations
and I talked to the
new get guys, if something
breaks a new kit and
I talked to the optimizations
and you know, like Mads
Christianson who works on an
HTML five and CSS three
and all those things, I'm
kind of the, the PM
of miscellaneous or the PM,
The remainder. So if you
and I were in an
elevator and we're only going
up two floors, and I
said, what do you do?
What's your elevator pitch? I
would say, I'm an architect
on The asp.net team. And
I focus a lot. Yeah.
Community. Okay. So you see
yourself as maybe coordinating all
the pieces, putting it together
and basically providing a nice
story for.net developers. Is that
about right? I wouldn't say
providing well, providing a nice
story. I mean, that, that,
that gets close to marketing
and then we have a
marketing department, they make up
the story. Yeah. And we
ignore it. So We, you
know, we don't need a
story because we run things
a little differently and asp.net.
Cause it's open source. And
we have been open since
before Phil got there, you
know, and Phil just kick
the door open and I
continue to keep my foot
in the door. And you
think about the team, right?
I mean, Howard and Eric
and Rowan, and these are
everyone on the team is
interested in open source. And
we show you guys by
you guys, that would be
the set of all people
who are Not us. We
show you guys like daily
builds of stuff. Can we
brainstorm stuff? There's, you know,
there's nothing secret So that
I feel like people who
do stuff in secret need
a story. We, we have,
we kind of avoid having
a story. What I find
interesting is, is when I
asked you what you do,
you, you, you immediately involved
the rest of the team
and then you came around
to telling me, and this
is my role in the
team. That's psychologic. You're like
analyzing me psychologically. I guess
I didn't realize that. Well,
I mean we, yeah. I
mean, no one is in
charge of ESPN net except
all of us as a
team. So I think of
us As a unit. Well,
the interesting thing is we
also started talking about marketing
and a lot of people
have asked, you know, aren't
you, aren't you an evangelist,
which I know you bristle
at, But no, I'm not
in a vacuum. I would
say I'm an enthusiast, like
an evangelist job is to
sell and evangelize. And like,
have you heard the news?
Have you heard the good
news? Let me invite me
in and let me sit
on your couch and I'll
tell you all about the
news. I'll do that, but
not because it's my job
because I'm totally jazzed about
it. You know what I
mean? But I also stay
inside and by inside, I
mean, inside Microsoft, because I
think I can still fix
stuff. And I've said before
publicly that I would quit.
If I thought I couldn't
fix it anymore. One thing
that I know from working
with you for a short
amount of time, and then
also from talking to you
after leaving is the amount
of meetings that you go
to. And the amount of
times that you flat out
said no. And you know,
most people, when they go
to conferences, they see you
standing on a stage, you
go and Hey, look at
this, look at that, watch
this, watch that. So a
lot of people listening right
now might say, well, no,
Scott, that is what you
do. Who would they know?
And see that what you
do is the evangelist thing.
Hey, look at this. Hey,
wow. Wow. I see, I
think of that more as
a side gig, like the
getting out and talking to
people, thing is something that
we like doing, because we
feel that it's not just
the doing the little, you
know, Northwind database demo. It's
more about the, the conversation
you have afterwards. Right. And
the other thing is that
the, again, look at the
team that we've got here.
I mean, Daniel and Howard
and Damien are all really
good presenters, you know? So
I don't have to go.
And I'm like, people used
to say like on the
face of asp.net, but that's
totally not true anymore. I
mean, Damien got like two
out of the top 10
talks at tech ed this
year. That's not asp.net talks.
That's like talks in general.
So we have the people
who can do the talks.
You know, I don't need
to be the guy that
talks about asp.net because someone,
so many other people like
Mads, Christianson's going to be
doing some talks in Philadelphia
next year. You know? And
he's his, his reputation, his
reputation. Like These guys don't
fill a room like you
do. And I disagree. Damien
Edwards had 800 people at
his web form socket ticket
this year. Oh, that's web
forums. I'm just kidding. I'm
just saying the point I'm
making is that, let me,
let me put it this
way. I am, I don't
have anyone working for me
anymore. I used to have
a team and those guys
have gone on to do
other things and spread to
the winds. But my job
when I had, when I
had a team to manage
was to make those guys
look good. And now I'm
a peer on a team.
And I still feel like
my job is to make
them look good. So we're
grooming bigger, better, faster, stronger
presenters. And I think we're
achieving that. And those guys
are going off and doing
stuff. I mean, look at
Glenn block, right. You know,
doing his thing and the
node industry, you know, by,
by, you know, by himself.
So making more Hansel people,
if that's not too egocentric,
I think, I think it
is by definition. But you
know what I'm saying, make
making more people who are
jazzed in the right way
and my jazz, not just
going out and presenting about
it, but the taking the
information back and then beating
the bosses over the head.
Well, that's the thing that
I find interesting too, is
how many times I hit
people over the head Community
in presentations and meetings. Yeah.
Cause people, when, when they
People go to these conferences
and sit in the audience,
they just see you talking
about the neat new stuff.
What they don't know is
what you had to go
through to make that presentation
happen or to make that
technology happen. And the reason
I'm bringing this up is
your blog lately has been,
let's just call it, gaining
some spice. And I think
what people are starting to
see is that you're letting
out that tenacity, if I
can use that word that
you use internally, you're starting
to let it out publicly,
which is something that, you
know, as your friend, I've
always been on you about,
you know, get some teeth
on that blog and you
have been, and it's, I
want to ask you about
that. How is that going
in terms of public perception
of you? Because as we
keep saying, you are the
guy who stands up in
front of people doing the
demos, and it's always been
very polished and people think
of you as, as a
sales guy. I hate to
say that, but, sorry. I'm
sorry. Oh, I know. I
mean, this is the thing
though, right? You can't go
and talk to anyone about
anything without them saying, Oh,
you're a sales guy. Like,
you know, Google IO was
a couple of days ago.
And I was like, okay,
I don't get it. Is
this, this Kindle fire? And
it was an honest question
and like 20 people, like,
are you trolling? Oh, Microsoft,
You know, remove your butt.
When you say, remove your
mouth from the boss's bot
or whatever. It's like, no,
I was an honest question,
you know? Yes, I did
the research. It's a powerful
device, but I mean, I
crap on every Equally. Yeah.
Anytime you say anything about
Microsoft, they always assume that
you're like, I don't know,
like I get money based
on how many copies of
windows I sell, which is
the other reason I like
working for this team because
everything we sell. Right. Yeah.
But I like, I would
go back to what you
were talking about before you,
you had a comment about
the meetings. Wouldn't you say
that one of the reasons
you left the company was
you just got sick of
trying to convince people of
your position. Absolutely. And that's
like, and that was the
argument. Like when you quit,
I was like, dude, you
need to like, try harder.
It didn't I say something
like, you need to play
the game and you were
like, no, screw it. Yeah.
I didn't have the wherewithal.
And I remember the conversation
that we had. It was
a, it was a, it
was a good one. And
we were in your garage.
I remember. And we, you
just said, what's up with
you, you know, don't you
have don't you have the,
I forgot the term you
used, but it was basically
the spiritual tenacity. Don't you
don't you have the ability
just to weather the storm.
And I said, no, man,
life is short. And I
don't want to, I don't
want to give up that
much. Yeah. And also I
think there's some people who
really look for conflict. And
despite what people think of
my presence on Twitter and
my blog, I actually don't
seek it out. I'm not
very good at it, but
there are other people who
actually are not necessarily good
at it, but they are
deft at dealing with a
public negativity. And I want
to bring this back around
to your blog because you
have been dealing with a
lot of negativity lately, but
for seemingly completely innocuous reasons,
I have to bring up
the floppy disk post. And
the floppy disk post was
Epic. Yeah. Between, between that
and the cloud icon, you
just don't mess with people's
iconography. They don't like it.
No, you, I remember someone
said you needed to shove
a screwdriver into your eyeball
or something. What was that
comment? I don't know. I,
you know, as much as
it does affect me, you
do have to intellectually like
emotionally, it affects me. It
makes me super sad as
why I always retweet. Like,
it's so funny. I've gotten
into this habit of retweeting.
When people unfollow me, people
get it's like people get
to people, get to psychologically
involved in that stuff. But
you know, it does hurt
if someone sends you a
mean email. Yeah. And then
I don't like that. But
in this particular case, the
case you're talking about this
post wasn't even that good,
you know, we'll talk about
it on an episode of
this developer's life, because it's
the definition of it is
drama. I mean, criticism is
one thing and being mean
is one thing we've talked
about those things before, but
drama, drama has no reason
to even exist. You know
what I mean? There's like,
dude, we're arguing about like,
what is it called? Bike
shedding. Yes. The term bike
shedding is like, when you
worry about the color of
the bike shed of the
nuclear power plant that we're
building, it's like, Hey guys,
we're building a nuclear power
plant. Pretty sure the color,
the bike shot doesn't matter.
But that's the thing that
you fight about, you know
what I mean? Like, okay.
Yeah. Some of the icons
were lame and it wasn't
really that good of a
post that would explain. I,
you know, I wrote it
while I was eating a
bagel. It took five minutes
to write that post. Do
you have any, do you
have any page views? No.
I don't want to take
a guess half a million,
1.2 million. Oh my goodness.
That is ridiculous. So here's
the question. Here's the question.
And I actually, I was
giving a presentation at a,
a blogging conference a couple
of weeks later, just as
a true story. I was
giving it with my friend,
lovey, who is a branding
and social media expert. And
the talk was about your
personal brand. So in the
talk I brought up the
issue of this post and
you know, 1.2 million page
views is insane. Right? That's
ridiculous. It's really, It was
for a number of reasons.
One, it's an obscene number
and most people would just
love to have that kind
of numbers on their blog.
Second reason is it wasn't
a good post. So when
you have something go viral,
that's one thing when you
have something that can go
viral and it's stupid, that's
even worse. But then in
the branding discussion, Can we
said, if that happens, if
your blog pops, do you
lean into it and chase
the page view right. And
start blogging up. Oh, okay.
Wow. Cloud icons that got
a lot of hits, you
know, blog about fonts, design.
I could change the entire
direction of hanselman.com and start
blogging about icons and an
Apple and complaining. And you
know, then I would be
somebody else who, I won't
say his name and wouldn't,
you know what I'm saying?
It's just like I could
go and just make declarative
statements about stuff that people
care passionately about. Or I
could just keep from my,
So let me, let me
just ask you really quickly,
because this is something that's
on my mind in the
past four or five Years,
I think you've had, you
know, I dunno how many
posts on hacker news omitting
the last, let's say the
last eight months over the
last eight months you are
on hacker news constantly. What's
changed. That's a, if that's
a, I don't know if
that's a source of success,
that's a representative number of
success. I don't think being
on hacker. I mean, before
hacker news, I was on
slash dot all the time.
And before that I was
on Reddit. I mean, I
just think hacker news is
like the thing that people
are reading. Now, at some
point I was on slashed
out a bunch and bunch
in the early two thousands.
It doesn't really matter. You
were like a blogging cat,
you know, and someone like
drilled cat nib on hanselman.com
and he relate. It almost
seemed to me like you
were having fun. Like you
had gained a bit of
attention, a lot of attention
from the internet, you know,
general internet. No, no, I
wouldn't say that. I would
say that. What, what I
would say is I had
a time in 2011 where
a lot of people at
Microsoft kept asking me to
blog about stuff I didn't
want to blog about. And
I don't like reminding my,
my, the people that worked
for Microsoft that the blog
is my blog. I just
don't like doing that, but
I continually kept doing it.
Then I went to work
for Hunter. Who's my current
boss and one of the
six Scott's between me and
Scott GU. And, and he
has no qualms of like,
I get that. It's your
blog blog about what you
want to. So anytime someone
wants me to blog about
something, I'll just CC Hunter,
and then he'll just shut
it down. You see what
I'm saying? So it's totally
awesome. Like, here's the scary
part. Actually. He's such a
good boss that I don't
know what he's hiding from
me anymore, which is concerning
because if I ever worked
for anyone else, I'm going
to be concerned that like
all the times that I've
gotten in trouble for blogging
about stuff like the windows
seven boot VHD thing, that,
that he's been shielding me.
And I'm going to discover
that he's been chilling me
from a lot of things.
You know what I mean?
So the point is though,
in 2011, I got tired
of that. And I called
Hunter and I was like,
dude, you know, if I'm
working for you, I'm going
to do my own thing.
And he's like, yeah, absolutely.
That's why we want you
to work for me, for
you. If you like, don't
blog about Azure until you
think it's useful. And you'll
notice that I've worked with,
here's a little news flash
actually for you, Rob, you
know that I've worked for
the Azure team since October.
The first time I mentioned
Azure was June 7th of 2012.
And you know what I
call the title of the
blog, post windows, Azure. No
kidding. I saw it. And
I was like, because I
want people to know that
it's what I care about.
Like I'm not going to
just blog about random crap.
Well, do people know this
about you though? And people
don't care? I don't know.
Funny to hear about, Oh,
I unfollowed him after he
blogged about, you know, whatever
people, just, people are fickle.
They blog, they follow it
unfollow and they unsubscribed, you
know, for whatever reason they
just, you know, it's, I'm
not the center of the
universe. They just float away.
I found out, yes, I
found it yesterday. One guy
thought that I haven't had
a podcast in two years.
You know why? You know
why? Cause, cause I broke
the RSS feed that he
was subscribed to. And he
literally hadn't thought since November
of 2010, he was like,
you know what happened in
2010? That's when I reg
Hansel minutes.com. So apparently I
screwed up a redirect and,
and he's like, Oh wow,
you have been. But then
another guy, yeah, a couple
of weeks ago was like,
your bog is lifeless. Your,
your, your podcast, his life
wasn't boring. And he's like,
you don't blog about technical
stuff anymore. Right. Or that
you don't blog or that
you don't talk about technical
stuff. So I go to
the archives and I go,
Oh wow. I haven't like,
yeah, he's right. You know,
I haven't really talked about
anything technical since like April.
So like Holy crap. I
have actually blogged like the,
you know, the last nine
podcasts have been decidedly untechnical.
So that, that gets to
your point I'm I guess
I'm digging other stuff. That's
like, you know how to
be black with Barrett Tuneday
Thurston relationship hacks with my
wife, Hansel minutes is maybe
only half technical. Now. Some
people totally love it. Other
people are like, yeah, whatever
he's jumped the shark. Well,
you know, it's funny that
I keep wondering about this
with you. I mean, as
your friend and being in
social circumstances with you, I've
seen you, you know, let
out that more tenacious side.
You know, I wrote that
post a long time ago,
Scott Hanselman is not a
whatever. And I recounted a
story, you know, when we
were in Vegas and it
was very funny, but you
basically took down a guy
who was heckling you. And
I think everybody in the
room just about fell off
their chairs because it's, this
is Scott Hanselman. You don't
see. And well, yeah. Remember
the time I talked to
Atwood and I swore, you
know, how many people who
I lost. I said like,
I think I said the
S word and people went
nuts. And I got goes
from like, I don't know
who, I don't know who
you are anymore. Yeah. And
I don't, we don't like
to swear on the show,
but it was a mistake
or whatever to, I don't
know. I didn't. And then,
and then I, then I
added in some bleeps and
then everyone, all the Australians
were like, well, you bleed
it out. What's wrong with
you, right? Yeah. You just
can't win. You know, who
knows? But like, here's the
thing too. The blog posts,
I love the ones that
I think rock, no one
cares about like the nerd
parent's guide to star Wars
that totally should have gone
viral. Nothing. You know what
I mean? Like crickets, you
can never plan these things.
And it's like, Oh man,
I love that one. And
visual basic six and Ruby
one, you know, again, a
couple of good comments, largely
ignored as a blog post.
And this is the point
that I make to people.
You just can't blog for
anyone but yourself, because I
don't want to blog about
cloud icons and floppy disks.
But that seems to be
what brings the traffic. Here's
the other thing that I'll
show you the chart of
my traffic. You know, how
many of those people stuck
around zero? Yeah. It's a
big Sawtooth kind of coming
back. I mean, dude, when
was the last time you
visited a funny viral website
and then returned never no
one stuck around. I didn't
get a single new subscriber
from that nonsense. So Whatever
dude, another interesting post he
wrote was about visual basic
and Lord. Yeah. That's the
one we just talked about.
Yeah. Getting off my lawn.
You were comparing VB six
to Ruby. And I remember
talking to you in London.
I was over in London
and we were talking about
the post and I was
reading some of the Twitter
comments that were coming in
and I was utterly shocked
at what people were saying
to you. And I remember
saying to you on the
phone, Scott, you've got to
put these people in their
place. You're Scott Hanselman. And
they're talking to you as
if you don't know anything.
And I, you know, you
respond, it was pretty temporary
and you sent me out,
they have a right to
explain what they want to
explain. And I remember thinking
to myself, if the.net community
had a Silverback, if I
could use that term from
gorilla gorilla, yes. Like the
head of a pack or
the head, like someone that
you respect and that, you
know, if you don't respect
the silver back, you get
a cuff, you know, across
the head. I remember thinking
to myself, if Scott reared
up and put someone in
their place, I think it
would be a natural pack
dynamic, if you will. And
I remember saying that to
you and you just kind
of said, well, you know,
what's the point. And I
wanted to ask you about
that again. And now in
retrospect, thinking about this post,
it's been out there for
awhile. Okay. Have you ever
had that feeling, just reading
the comments that come in
and the negativity that comes
in and some of your
posts and just saying, I
am Scott Hanselman, give me
some respect here. Have you
ever said that to anybody?
You know? No. You know,
keeps me from doing that
and you want to take
a guess who? My wife,
Oh, bless her soul. I'm
being totally serious. It's like,
that comes up. You know
what I mean? Like if
we are really in the
thick of it, like if
we're actually, you know what
I'm saying, Scott Hanselman. No,
I'm not saying that. But
she, before that even gets
close, right. Like I think
like, I, it's not like
an argument. It's not like
people, huh, man. God. And
that is not on the
tip of my tongue, but
there'll be times when I'll
be like, I don't know,
rewiring the house's network or
whatever. Right. Or I think
I redid the baby cams
and the DNS wasn't resolving
internally. So she couldn't go
like HTTP call and whack,
whack child's name. She had
to know the IP address.
And she didn't want to
know that. And I was,
I didn't, I didn't know
why that DNS was. And
she was like, do you
need me to call someone?
Yeah. You know, you can
think what my very, I
was like, my very first,
you know, you want to
talk about a silver back
and I'm thinking like, no,
I'm pretty sure I've got
this. You know what I
mean? Like I'm kind of
familiar with, I could just
see Mo's face, you know
exactly what you said, you
know? She's like, yes, slick,
don't ya? You know, you
may take it. And I
think she said it for
me. I mean, I didn't
say a word. She she's
like, you know, you, maybe
he's got a handsome man,
but I do not need
you to talk to me
like that. You know, you,
you, you, this is not
on Twitter. This is this,
this is the children's cameras,
you know, fix it or
whatever. I did something similar
to that with you. I
think you had, you had
called me and asking me,
asking me for Ruby help
or something about comparing Ruby
to C sharp. And I
was showing you something and
I ripped you a little
bit. And I'm like, Oh,
you know, and Ruby there's
well, there's, it's it's dynamic.
So there's no, you know,
typing necessarily. And you were
just silent for a second.
And I just kind of,
I gritted my teeth and
like here and it never
came. And you're like, I
think I know. Cause I
don't, I don't, I just,
I, to avoid doing that.
I mean, Have you ever
had a moment though, where,
I mean, I would have
gotten comfortable with this podcast.
It's I'm sure it's kind
of like to be on
the other side. Cause you're
making it about, you're making
it about me. Is this
what Dave ward felt like?
When I talked about how
cool he was yesterday when
I talked to him most
likely, well, I'm curious though,
it's the floppy disk post
1.2 million views. You've moved
to the internet right there.
How do you be? That's
the thing? Not that much,
very small varies. A little
bit more views than I
could ever dream of having.
But you must've, at some
point wanted to just jump
out and rip these people's
heads off and say something
like don't you disrespect me.
I want it first. I
went, no, I would disagree.
I wanted to do the
opposite. I thought about just
deleting it. That was my
first impression. Then I thought
about adding something like adding
a comment that this is
not that big of a
deal guys. This is a
small thing. This is stupid.
I'm just, you know, I,
then I thought about maybe
just writing, I don't know,
like an update or some
kind of a little postscript
to say, yeah, I was
just playing, you know, no
hard feelings, but then it
got, Oh, it got way
too large. And just people
were like, I, what was
that one email I got
where someone called me an
ages little. Yeah. You know?
And he was just like,
it was an older guy
I presume, you know, which
makes me like, not want
to use the word neck
beard anymore, which I think
is an awesome word. But
it is ages to say
that, but it's also extremely
visible visual. Like yeah, I'm
reading your blog right now.
The comment when there's one
comments is retarded article and
he goes on to rent
in the very end. It
says, why should we change
it? You know, the icons
is what he's talking about.
What's wrong with young people,
having a clue about their
past and knowing what I
know about you and your
geek trading cards is hysterical
to me. And my first
reaction, if this was my
blog would be, I'm gonna
put this guy in his
place, but you don't see
the point. I mean, you
never see me argue on
the internet. No, I know,
dude. Why bother? Why are
you arguing? Let me ask
you, do you think it's
wrong to stand up or
do you think it's just
something you don't want to
do? Oh, I have no
problem standing up. My point
is what are you going
to, what is your goal?
Are you going to like,
get that guy to go
fuck you. And then you
get to go and do
little dance. Like, Oh, I
won the internet today. No,
that guy doesn't care. He's
never gonna, why put all
that work into changing his
perspective? I'd much rather take
the guy to lunch and
figure out why he thinks
that and then worry about
it later. But nah, he
doesn't care. He's not, you're
never going to change that.
Guy's opinion. Put your stuff
out, respect their opinion. I
always say that I respect
your opinion. It freaks them
out. Frankly, if you tell
them that you respect their
opinion, it's interesting. It comes
down to a leadership thing
too. When you are considered
a community leader, a lot
of leaders out there in,
you know, in various communities,
military or whatever, when the
leadership has challenged, they have
to think very carefully about
the response. Of course, some,
some responses, you know, the
coldest one, the best one
often is just ignore the
person. Yeah. But there are
some responses where you definitely
have to rear up and
basically backhand a person and
I've never known the difference.
I just kind of fly
off. Whatever comes off the
top of my head and
tell people what I think
I don't have the same
as throttle you do. And
I'm always curious when people
have the ability to pull
it in, how much do
you regret it though? Don't
you regret it afterwards? Don't
you like? Aren't you go
off and be mean, and
then you're like, Oh man,
that was the wrong thing
to do oftentimes. Yeah. But
other times, you know, I
can look back and say,
well, that's, that's what I
was feeling at the time.
The times where it's the
worst for me is when
I completely misunderstand what someone
said. And then, then I
have to apologize later, but
we all do that. But
there are times where, yeah,
I've I've this just happened
with Pluralsight and, and in
tech pub and you know,
I was actually having a
little fun with them on
my blog and they didn't
understand it. It blew out
of control. Next thing I
know feelings are hurt and
I'm on the phone with
Aaron Skynard and of course
we had a good yuck
over it. You know, when
I was in Europe, I
met the guy and we
had a good time, but
we both had to do
a little dance and say,
I didn't mean it. I
didn't mean it. I didn't
mean it. Yeah. And that
was bad that played out
for me. If you hadn't
said anything on Twitter that
way and just called in,
then you would have avoided
all that. And it wouldn't
still exist on the internet.
The question for me at
the time was I have
a company that I'm trying
to defend, you know? And,
and I felt like I
needed to defend it, but
T this is the thing
you don't need to defend
it. If you called him,
then he would have figured
it out and he would
have defended it for you.
It would have done the
tweet and then no one
would have, you know, it
would have just looked like
he came to Jesus on
his own, you know, see
then people wouldn't have the
drama. Drama is unnecessary while
you were, I would argue
that while you guys were
fighting about drama, I was
getting work done. That's true.
I mean, I throw this,
I mean, I do these,
these seminars and I have
a whole other life that
people don't know about what
I'm doing, blogging conferences and
social media conferences and stuff.
And this is nontechnical people
who don't know anything about
what I do in my
day job. And I've talked
about this a little bit
in my talks on productivity.
If you've ever seen my
talk, I didn't want to
code match, which I think
was the first time that
I'd done that Kind of
publicly was saying that, you
know, if it's not moving
your goal, if it's not
either making you money or
having you spend more time
with your kids, then don't,
don't do it. Like it's
not moving you forward. Arguing
on the internet does not
put money in your pocket,
nor does it make your
code compile better. Absolutely. So
stop it. Although it sent
1.2 million hits to your
blog, although that wasn't really
arguing. So, so Here's the
thing. One of the guys
said on hacker news, this
is actually pretty good. He
says, you know how you
make $3 on the internet,
right. Make a declarative statement,
get hacker news. You know?
So, but this is the
other thing that I found
a little bit offensive, which
was the, that I, that
was like a goal, like
a master plan. Ah, yes.
Now I have made $3.
You know what I mean?
Exactly. Yeah. I've caught you.
You've seen my blog. Yes.
$6 People are jaded because
they read articles. Like, you
know, Atwood's infamous please don't
code, or please don't learn
to code. I mean, it's
impossible to move past that.
Well, but see the thing
is, I mean, maybe he's
making actual money blogging. I
don't know, but I would
be more concerned about blog
posts that say Fort, you
know, top 10, 14, 14,
ultimately, whatever, dah, dah, dah,
and then make you click
like multiple pages. Like if
I did my tools list
and it required one click
per, per tool, then I
think you could accuse me
of like page view farming.
You know what I'm saying?
Yup. Okay. So I think
what it's safe to say
is we can expect to
see maybe a little more
spice regularly on your blog,
but you're not going to
fight no one in the
comments. Cause you are, you
are so polite in the
comments. That's the thing. I
don't get trolls in my
comments. Like I get one
troll out of a thousand,
out of a thousand comments.
I get one troll and
I usually shut the guy
down just by being pleasant.
There's just no reason. It's
a community. Like it's like,
why are people jerks on
YouTube? Because there are no
moderators to be, to be
nice to them and get
them to chill out. You
know, meta filter has fewer
trolls than so then slash
dot does. And stack overflow
has fewer trolls than Reddit
does. Hacker news. You people
get shut down for being
mean. So just don't be
mean it's nice and easy.
Actually, If I put my
comments back on or my
blog, will you a moderate
and do the comments from
me? I don't think I
have the time to, To
pull the weeds that you
have happening at your blog.
My friend. All right. Well,
we have come up on
time. Scott, it's been a
pleasure interviewing you on your
own show and letting me
take over for today. I
feel honored. Are we going
to test this out? All
of this have an hour
and maybe it would just,
you know what, if you
don't want it, we'll stick
it in this developer's life.
I'll just take it with
me. Oh, that's great. So
you're saying, you're saying, you're
saying so kindly, Oh, if
you don't like this content,
I'll find another way to
release it. That's right. You
know? Thanks God. It was,
it was great talking to
you as always. Don't forget
the ending part of the
podcast. Oh, by the way,
say, this has been another
episode of Hansel minutes. We'll
see you again next week.
This has been another episode
of Hansel minutes. Thanks for
listening. We'll see you again
next week with some more
content free content. So kind,
Hey, you know, that's me.
Bye. See you.